#summary Frequently Asked Questions

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= What is BACON? =

BACON (*B*ringing *A*ll *C*omics *O*ffline *N*ow) is a Java-based application for viewing webcomics.  It allows you to catch up on all your favorite webcomics in a friendly, easy-to-use window, rather than using a full-scale browser like Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.

= How do I install BACON? =

Please see our [InstallationGuide installation guide] for detailed installation instructions.

= How do I use BACON? =

Please see our [UserGuide user's manual] for basic operating instructions.

= BACON doesn't work with my favorite webcomic xyz! =

BACON was created with several basic assumptions in mind.  One such assumption was that webcomic authors would post their webcomic images on some sort of main page, whose URL would not change.  This is true for the majority of the web comic sites we've visited.  However, there are some webcomic authors who post their comic images in folders named by date.  Unfortunately, BACON does not work well with these websites, and so we currently cannot find those images in our program.

= This is awesome!  How can I give feedback? =

Thanks!  Feel free to e-mail us at sdd.bacon@gmail.com.  I don't know if we'll be able to respond to every e-mail, but your positive feedback is greatly appreciated!

= BACON sucks!  How can I give feedback? =

We're very sorry you feel that way.  Please e-mail us at sdd.bacon@gmail.com and let us know what you're disappointed with.  We'll be editing the project for the foreseeable future, and we will take your suggestions into consideration.

= How can I contribute to BACON? =

Feel free to e-mail us at sdd.bacon@gmail.com with your ideas.  We are initially a team of four students at <a href="http://www.rpi.edu">Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute</a> (RPI), and so we have no grand-scale plans for BACON.  However, if you have good ideas and work well with us, we may invite you onto the team!

= I'd like to hear the boring technical details now. =

BACON is open source under the GNU GPLv3 license, and as such we're very happy to release source code along with the compiled .jar file for your perusal.

As mentioned before, BACON was created for the course Software Design and Documentation at <a href="http://www.rpi.edu">RPI</a> by three juniors and one sophomore.  Because of its initial nature as coursework, there is a lot of extra documentation we created to go along with the project.  These may or may not be publicly released.