#summary Short Guide to using BACON
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This is a short introduction to BACON, meant for first time users.  If you have used BACON for a while, you probably don't need to read this!

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== How To Add Comics ==

If you are running BACON for the first time, you probably don't have a comic list built yet, and BACON will load up displaying a blank screen.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/BlankBACON.png<br>
1) Click the "Add Comic" button.  The Add Comic Dialog opens.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicDialog.png<br>
2) Enter the URL where the latest webcomic can be found`*`.  In this guide, we will be using the popular comic <a href="http://www.cad-comic.com">CTRL+ALT+DEL</a> by Tim Buckley.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicCAD.png<br>
3) Press the "Load Images" button, or press the Enter key, to load the images on the website.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicCADLoaded.png<br>
4) Scroll to the correct image using the Previous or Next keys.  In our example, this is image 2/8.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicCADCorrect.png<br>
5) Fill in the Comic Name and Comic Author.  If you don't know the author, you can leave it blank; however, some features (such as Sorting by Author Name) may not work as expected.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicCADDone.png<br>
6) Click Accept, or press the Enter key, to add the comic to your database.<br>

The Comic will now display in the main window of BACON.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/CADBACON.png<br>

*`*` For example, the webcomic CTRL+ALT+DEL has a main page of http://www.cad-comic.com/.  However, this is not where the latest webcomic is displayed.  The latest comic is displayed at the URL http://www.cad-comic.com/cad/.  You should give BACON the second example, not the first example.*<br>

== How To Remove Comics ==

Removing comics from your database is simple!  Just scroll to the desired comic in the main window, then right-click on the comic image.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/BACONRightClick.png<br>
Select Remove Comic.<br>

And you're done!  The comic has been removed from your database, and will not be displayed again until you add it again.<br>

== How To Edit Comics ==

BACON operates on the assumption that Web Comic Authors will keep their websites organized in the same fashion from day to day.  However, there are times when authors re-arrange their websites.  This may cause BACON to malfunction.  In order to fix these web comics, you will need to edit the webcomic.<br>

1) Scroll to the comic you need to edit.<br>
2) Right click on the comic image.<br>
3) Select Edit Comic.  The Add Comic Dialog will open with the selected Web Comic's information already loaded.<br>
http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm132/Ganon11/BACON%20Screenshots/AddComicCADDone.png<br>
4) Change the Comic details so that they are correct, and click Accept.<br>

Your changes will be saved in the Comic Database, and the webcomic will display correctly until the Web Comic Author changes his/her website again.